First pass at converting Project Athena -> Vircadia. (#30)
kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx: docs/source/script/js-tips.md

# JavaScript Tips & Tricks

> High Fidelity's robust [JavaScript API](https://apidocs.vircadia.dev) provides the tools for you to build great content and user experiences in VR. We've compiled some advanced JavaScript tips you can use while scripting for High Fidelity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vircadia's robust [JavaScript API](https://apidocs.vircadia.dev) provides the tools for you to build great content and user experiences in VR. We've compiled some advanced JavaScript tips you can use while scripting for Vircadia. 
```
